>> Erik Reinert: All right, so the next
thing we want to do after we create our
provider and again, hopefully that gives
you a little bit more help around like at
least creating Amazon resources and stuff.
We're now going to create
a backend TF file.
And so this file, although I'm going to do
Alt F4 because that was my unique bucket,
this file actually tells Terraform
where to store your state.
That means that Terraform does
know how to integrate with Amazon.
It has natural support.
Again, it has support to connecting
to Amazon via the provider.
And that's what those providers are for.
If you might be wondering why did we use.
What is a provider?
Why are we using it?
Terraform.
The easiest way to put it is Terraform
uses providers as a way to connect to
the services that it needs to manage.
And so basically Terraform will
run against a provider and
then that provider will go
out to the Internet and
communicate with the thing that you're
trying to automate automate against.
There's tons of providers out there.
Again, there's Proxmox,
there's Spotify, there's whatever.
But the main point of a provider is to
be the interface between Terraform and
the thing that you're trying to manage.
And so because of that, Terraform can also
work with a lot of these providers for
other things.
And so in this case,
Terraform is actually able to use S3
as a backend and
set up Terraform state on that bucket.
And so yeah,
we're basically gonna say terraform
backend s3 bucket fem-fd-service-altf4.
The key is really just the file, right?
That's the file where all of
our state is going to go.
It can be whatever you want.
It doesn't even have to be
a dot just to put it out there.
For anyone who doesn't or
hasn't really worked with S3,
you don't have to give file extensions
in S3 if you don't want to.
It doesn't have to work that way.
You could create UUIDs for all your files.
It doesn't really matter.
But normally this is for
visual recognition knowing like,
that's the Terraform state file.
Okay, cool.
But I've seen some places where
they randomize everything.
Anyways, we're gonna save that file and
then what we're gonna do is we're
gonna just do a terraform init.
When you run it,
it should say initializing backend.
It should say that it
connects to S3 successfully.
And then, yeah, you should
basically Say initialize success.
We did Terraform init.
We all know that Terraform init now works.
And you could run this as
many times as you want, but
preferably in the right directory.
It'll just make sure that
everything is up to date for
dependencies and connectivity and
then you'll be good to go.
Cool.
Okay, so
we have successfully set up remote state.
We created a bucket, right?
And then we configure
Terraform to use that bucket.
And we're using our AUTH credentials
to allow Terraform to be able to
connect to it.
>> Male: Are we supposed to
see something in the bucket?
>> Erik Reinert: Nope.
Yeah, we haven't created anything yet,
so no.
So Terraform won't update that file until
we actually add a resource to our project.
If we don't add a resource,
it doesn't do anything, yeah.
So I could, I could add more
variables here if I wanted.
I could do whatever, but
until I actually create something,
that file won't get created.
One other thing I want to note really
fast is you got more than likely
a Terraform lock file
when you did the init.
What is kind of nice about terraform
is they do try and have some kind
of consistency with all these providers
cuz they have tons of them, right?
And one of the things that they
are genuinely concerned about,
which does make sense,
is that somebody could hack or
exploit a provider in a way that
they could start provisioning or
creating or maintaining or backdooring
into systems and stuff like that, right?
Like that would not be good.
This is all open source.
And so what they do is they provide
hashes as a way to verify that what
you used before should be the same thing
that you're using in other situations.
This Terraform lock file
basically just says, hey,
these are all the dependencies for
the HashiCorp version 5.97.0 provider and
everything that it needs to uncompress and
or move or whatever for it set up.
So, for example,
if this provider was redownloaded but
it didn't match the hashes exactly
terraform would give an error.
It would say, hey, it's great that
you think this is that provider, but
I don't recognize it as this.
So these are beneficial, but at the same
time they're also kind of super annoying.
A big reason for that is when
you want to update a provider,
it's a little bit more of an annoying
process because you actually have to
either let it manually or, I'm sorry,
use the Terraform CLI to update the file.
Or what I like to do, which is the same
thing I do with package lock files,
delete them and then let it recreate it.
So it's up to you.
But it is nice if you want that
additional security and caching as well,
just to make sure that you're getting
the exact same provider every single time.
>> Male: I looked at what
other files are in there and
there's this Terraform provider file.
It's 695 megabytes.
>> Erik Reinert: Yeah, if you're talking
about this one here, that's a binary.
So this is the actual,
I don't know if you can actually run it.
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, so there's actually
a lot of tools that do this.
As a matter of fact,
the tool I'm building does this as well,
which is how do you have one person's
code base work with your code base,
especially if it's written in
another language or whatever.
What Terraform does underneath
the hood is these providers create
binaries that are then ran by
Terraform when you run Terraform,
and they are normally set up as
services or clis or whatever.
So, yeah, you'll normally get a big
binary depending on the provider.
So if we add in another provider, we
would see HashiCorp or whatever else and
then in there would be a binary for
that provider.
>> Male: And this one is so
big because Amazon can do a lot of stuff.
>> Erik Reinert: Exactly.
Yeah.
They have all of the schema definitions
in there.
They have all the API endpoints in there.
So I'm actually kind of surprised it's
only 600 [LAUGH] you'd think it'd be huge.
And so, yeah, that's per provider,
every provider.
So it is kind of interesting to note
that if you had tons of providers,
this could be like a node module
situation where it becomes huge.